internet good morning money what the
fuck was out of my arms I know you we
have another episode of this show down
Dragon Ball Z gravity thing I replace
the ancho with another yamcha and it's
just a fighter ii forearm yamcha so
we're going to beat the Charter why or
it stopped it and of course there is no
no charge ry but there's a meow
I'll put you to sleep first you bitch
I'm gonna put you to sleep first don't
miss good damn you
now what I wanted it all I don't know
what you're gonna do to me drip
nope knock off again it's gone over time
pass gotta knock i'll use ain't gonna
get it on suit me out yeah just gonna
try to beat me with me out that's not
cool you're a dick man you're a dick
what are you guys make out with the
yacht fake out and that one move that
does that thing that last resort is that
what you have here oh my god I just I
hate my life oh no this is not happening
I refuse to believe this is it gonna
happen piccolo you're no no no not this
way me out not this way I don't want it
in the first place because my fucking
rocky helmet Arab you just bought six
blows okay okay okay
he's getting up these hazards good yeah
fuck it your dead fucking dead anyway oh
I should have broke sturdy all right
this is gonna do a lot yep that's thirty
percent right under there for no reason
at all you got Gerald wall me oh yeah
slowed up fuck you gonna espeon go and
espeon oh my god let's be I'm so bad oh
what a dick are you gonna stay in sp
honest I'm you can't fumble Goku like
that you can't go who like that that
felt good oh you have become mega is
gonna even week no you're not okay
you're screaming okay it's gonna beat in
my face yep that's gonna be a lot you
though I'll marry you can suck my nuts
oh I grabbed the up and hit hit hit
things with uh let's all do it all right
amount yeah that's cool I wish I had
mocked punch so have the rocky helmet
which is cool alright yamcha do things
do things yes your Luck's
or yourself with my rocky helmet all
right well now we're in a bit of trouble
by a bit I mean a lot gonna lose the got
me out sucks this sucks a lot gonna lose
to the guy with me out oh I live all
right so we got a torment train and a
jirachi I have combined two attacks and
they're both weak to that so that was
well I'm gonna out speed you so that's
poop or not oh this is a bummer this is
a bummer can you not can you not please
please don't do this to me now wake up
wake up don't do this though yes this is
gonna do lock ruin didn't usual crew
inform net did nothing and I have his
earthquake I'm gonna fucking lose I lost
to Gotham me out guys this Earth's
greatest warriors right now are not
doing anything special and he crit me
forget yo yamcha yamcha if the future of
my team was left in the hands of yamcha
and Krillin and I lost to a man with a
meet you Chris every way no I raining it
so bad hope you guys enjoyed this all
right now at seven I'll see you next
time